Don't be too affectionate, okay?
Disappeared from my sight immediately
Shen Yan, what do you mean?
My chairperson
For a while, people were in our Langang Commercial Street
Must make trouble
It also hurt us
Ok, I'll be right there
Oh yes, you take him away
Hey, Shenyang, don't go
Call out to your chairperson
Or what will happen to all of you?
Just like him.
I am the chairperson of Lan Zhan
What are you trying to do?
You are the chairperson
We are here today to inform you
Zilangang Commercial Street
Owe us this month's protection fee
do not pay
We won't go
Our Mr. Lai
Protection fee from the previous day
When will you collect it?
I warn you to leave quickly
If you don't leave, I'll call someone
Do you not understand or what?
roll
Why is there a little white face?
Miss Ye, you wouldn't expect this little white face
Protect your commercial city
I'll tell you what.
Hand over the money obediently
Otherwise I'll do it
Your group smashed
Commercial streets all over the city are also where you can burn fat
Don't be shameless
Brothers go